[ethereal music playing]
[man 1] So, I'm here.
- And, I do not see anything happening.
- [man 2 on speaker] Right.
- Right.
- At all.
Look, I'm very sorry, sir.
Guess what I'm trying to understand is,
what is the reason for this delay exactly?
- Yeah. Mr. Plotkin, I'm so sorry.
- Specifically.
- But it's just that when we set out...
- Yeah, we closed in November.
We had all the permit applications in
before the end of the year.
Right. Once we get
the final stamp of approval.
And we can't get the trucks here
a little early?
- Just, you know, get 'em started.
- Miami Beach ordinances...
- won't let me do that.
- Is anyone actually...
- ...enforcing those regulations?
- Look, Mr. Plotkin,
I know that you're eager to move in. Okay.
- Once we get the final stamp of approval.
- No.
- You're gonna be the first...
- One second.
Sure.
Hello?
[man groaning]
[groans] You see what's going on at GME?
[Gabe] There's more of these idiots?
...the short sellers, now they're getting
creamed by the little guy...
A lot more.
[Gabe] They won't hold much longer.
Go away.
Oh Gabe, honey, they're holding.
It just crossed a hundred.
Gabe, where are you?
Fuck!
You should probably dial in.
Yeah, be on in one sec.
["WAP" playing]
♪ There's some whores in this house ♪
- ♪ I said, certified freak ♪
- ♪ Hold up! ♪
♪ Seven days a week ♪
♪ Wet-ass pussy
Make that pull-out game weak ♪
- ♪ Whoo! Yeah, yeah ♪
- ♪ There's some whores in this house ♪
♪ Yeah, you fucking
With some wet-ass pussy... ♪
I will tell you I've never seen
anything like it. I'm concerned about it.
I'm calling it the ultimate short squeeze.
You can lose money to infinity.
It's very different, more highly leveraged
game on the other side.
♪ Put this pussy... ♪
Holy fucking shit.
♪ Like a credit card... ♪
Right now we're gonna talk about GameStop.
Those shares...
- are nonstop earning of about 130% today.
- Holy fucking shit!
- Holy shit!
- What the...
...fuck!
♪ Let's role play, I'll wear a disguise ♪
♪ I want you to park that big Mack truck
Right in this little garage ♪
- Holy shit.
- [song stops]
- Yes. Hello?
- [man] Great news, Mr. Plotkin.
I think we'll be able to get you
into your new home
a little sooner than I actually thought.
I think we're having
some sort of miscommunication here.
Because I'm not trying
to move into that house.
I'm trying to tear that house down
so I can build a tennis court
for me and my family to play
during the pandemic.
- I see.
- I thought it would be very simple.
Apparently, it isn't because
the pandemic is almost over
- and there's no tennis court.
- Okay, Mr. Plotkin.
Thank you for your time.
Yes, what? Hello?
Hi, it's Ken Griffin.
Hi there, Ken, how are you?
Great to hear from you.
Do you have a minute?
[call waiting beeping]
I, uh...
Um...
I gotta call you right back.
If that's okay. I'm so sorry.
- Sure.
- Okay, great.
Hi. What's happening right now?
It looks like there's one guy
driving all the buying.
What... what... what guy?
["WAP" resumes]
[Steve]
I believe his name is "Roaring Kitty."
♪ There's some whores in this house ♪
♪ Yeah, you fucking
With some wet-ass pussy... ♪
[Steve] Oh, wait, or...
♪ This wet-ass pussy... ♪
[Steve] "Deep Fucking Value."
[Gabe] "Roaring Kitty"
or "Deep Fucking Value." What?
He's "Roaring Kitty" on YouTube
and "Deep Fucking Value" on Reddit.
[Gabe] Both? He couldn't pick one name?
[Steve] I don't know. I love this guy.
♪ That's some wet-ass pussy ♪
♪ Macaroni in a pot ♪
♪ That's some wet-ass pussy
- ♪ Ha ♪
- ♪ There's some whores in this house... ♪
Who is this schmuck?
[Steve]
I don't know, but I think I just came.
[song stops]
[cash register chimes]
[pensive music playing]
[man speaking indistinctly over PA]
[music fades]
- Uh, Ruby... Ruby, right?
- Yeah.
- Can I get a couple of Heinies, please?
- Uh, one. Sorry, uh...
- I'm gonna have a...
- What? What's wrong with a Heinie?
Drinking it since we were 17!
Hey, drink what you like. No judgment.
Uh, you have a Hamm's?
- I'll have one of those.
- The fuck did you just order?
Oh, it's a nice one outta Milwaukee.
Good quality.
- Fifty cents a can before markup.
- C'mon, Kitty. Forget about price.
Get him a Heineken, thank you.
- It's on me.
- Thanks, man.
Thank you, that's nice.
I'll have a Hamm's.
So a Heineken and a Hamm's?
Thank you.
Please.
Thank you, Ruby.
[people chattering indistinctly]
How you been, man?
The whole Sara thing.
Oh, yeah. Okay, uh...
Up and down.
Yeah.
- How's your asshole brother?
- Still an asshole.
- Okay.
- Yeah.
- Keeping busy at least?
- Uh...
Got the day job at MassMutual.
Working on my portfolio.
That's the last thing you should be
worrying about right now.
Why? It's a... It's a good distraction.
Lemme take that over for you.
We got thousands of analysts at B of A
- that do just this. C'mon, Kitty.
- All good, man. Thank you.
You should be focused on your family
right now.
Not fucking around with penny stocks.
They're not all penny stocks.
GameStop isn't a penny stock.
GameStop?
- Dude...
- You used to love GameStop!
- Yeah, then I grew up.
- Well, I think it's undervalued.
I just sold off a bunch of other shit
to double down.
How much are we talking? A grand?
- Fifty.
- Bucks?
Grand.
53 grand.
[laughs] Yeah.
Kitty...
- Man, you don't even own a house.
- It's got a ton of short interest,
- You got a one-year-old.
- which is artificially pushing...
- Jesus, bro.
- the price down.
- You never bet against Wall Street!
- Wall Street gets it wrong all the time.
- Look at '08.
- That was a one-off, Kitty.
These guys, they have all the money
and the fancy degrees
and the political juice in the world,
- and they get it wrong all the time.
- Are you out of your fucking mind?
They've got the advantage,
and they still get it wrong.
No, gimme that, I'm drinking it.
Even if it's 50 cents.
It's 4 bucks.
Well, my man just spent 53K
on a penny stock.
So, all he can afford is water.
- You're a Wall Street guy?
- Very much no.
I'm a Wall Street guy.
What was the stock?
GameStop.
The video game store. At the mall.
- You really bought $53,000 of it?
- Yeah, I don't believe it.
I think he's fucking with us.
You're fucking with us, right?
You don't even have 50 grand.
Let's see.
[Ruby] Oh, shit.
How is she falling for this?
How are you falling for this?
He won't spend 5 bucks for a beer,
but he'll put 50k in a stock
that you think is a joke.
And that's interesting to you?
Yeah.
It is.
Drink your shitty beer.
[pensive music playing]
[door opens]
[Keith] Hey!
[woman] Hey!
Bedtime's already done?
Yeah, she was exhausted.
She skipped her nap.
- How was Briggsy?
- Uh...
Good. Yeah.
[faucet running]
You guys talk about Sara?
[Keith] Uh...
Do you wanna sit down a minute?
I'll feel better if I finish these first.
[music fades]
[Caroline] No, you won't.
Do you think I'm insane?
Yeah.
Sorry. About what?
GameStop.
The most compelling
asymmetric opportunity in the market?
- What, did Briggsy make you jumpy?
- A little.
- What was his argument?
- He didn't have one.
- Well.
- He just said it was a reckless bet.
He said "you're putting your money
in the next Blockbuster."
Enough. Fuck Briggsy.
Babe, you literally know more about
this damn company than you know about me.
It's true.
And because of you, I know more about
this company than I know about myself.
But what if I'm missing something?
We can't afford to miss something.
It's all our savings.
Go do a video.
I can finish these first. I'm happy to...
Go see what the nerds have to say.
Our Wall Street Bets people
aren't nerds, Caroline.
They're gangsters.
You make a dumb case and post it,
- they'll rip you apart.
- Well, then don't make a dumb case.
[tense, pensive music playing]
Okay, let's see what's new.
Oh, there's a share. Okay, here we go.
Oh shit.
All right...
Just check on... See here.
Yo, what up, everybody?
Roaring Kitty here.
Uh, I've done a few of these now,
mostly on my investing methodology.
Uh, but today I'm gonna try something
a little different.
I appreciate the feedback
you guys have been leaving me by the way.
Uh... Oh! More feedback comin' in hot.
"Less cats." Okay. Great.
Ah, like I was saying--
Uh, what was I saying?
Ah, I'm gonna try...
Oh, and here's one from Ballz.
"Nerd."
And nerd is in all capitals.
Like, okay, that's kinda mean.
But okay, fair.
Uh...
"Nice shirt, Grandpa"?
What? How old do you think I am?
You know what?
Thanks for the comments.
We're gonna come back to them at the end.
Here's what I wanna talk about.
Uh, I'm gonna pick a stock and
talk about why I think it's interesting.
And that stock is...
GameStop. Uh...
I know it's a polarizing stock
and some of you probably gonna
tune out of the stream right now
when you hear I'm bullish on GameStop.
But I am.
You can see it is now the biggest position
by far in the Roaring Kitty portfolio.
So...
yeah, I think everyone else is crazy,
and I think I'm right.
But I've been wrong plenty of times
in the past. So, uh...
So there are a lot of aspects to this
bold thesis, a lot of moving parts,
but I boil it down
to what I consider the three overs:
The digital risks seem to me
to be overblown,
the negative sentiment is overdone,
you can see it
with the huge short interest,
and the value is overlooked.
Wall Street just doesn't see it.
Why?
Mr. Market, why?
The hedge funds are overlooking
the value in the company
just like they overlook
the people who shop there.
They assume most people download
games online now.
But look, 25% of gamers
still buy new discs from GameStop,
and 40% buy used games from the store.
And the market's kinda forced
my hand here.
What more can I say?
I just like the stock.
[man yells] Hey!
Shit!
- Did I wake you?
- [Chris] Please stop.
Mr. Donaldson, I need you in your bed.
Kerin, can you please
make sure Mr. Donaldson...
[Donaldson] I don't need to go to bed.
I need a cup of coffee.
We can get you a cup of coffee.
Kerin, coffee.
[Chris] Oh!
Well, isn't that beautiful?
[Jenny] Oh shit.
[Chris laughs]
"100% short GameStop stock (GME)"?
It's an investment video.
Hey, Jenny, for real,
I wouldn't take investment advice
from a guy in a cat shirt.
Oh, okay.
Who do you take investment advice from?
I don't have investments. And if I did,
I'd listen to, like, a banker.
Just the way they like it.
"They." [laughs] Oh boy. Here we go...
Just never mind.
No, no, no, please tell me.
I'm dying to know what Luke Wilson
from The Royal Tenenbaums
thinks we should do
with our $68,000 a year.
Who from what?
Ugly Björn Borg.
[Jenny] Okay, fine.
Wall Street is betting
that this company is gonna fail.
It's called shorting.
And if it fails, well,
then everybody loses their job,
but these hedge fund assholes
make a shit ton of money.
It's bullshit. It's a bullshit way
for rich people to get richer.
How did you even find this guy?
70,000 people have watched this video.
He posts his balance sheets
and everything.
Wall Street Bets is going crazy over this.
- Who?
- It's an Internet forum.
[Chris] Uh-huh.
- On Reddit.
- Now, see. No, no.
I'm not gonna do this with you.
The last time you brought up Reddit,
it was just all these oil paintings
of Donald Trump on horseback.
- You liked it.
- Detestable.
- Look.
- Okay, yeah. Let's take a look.
Um...
"Shit's not a pump-and-dump
if it never dumps, you fuckheads..."
"Feed me your tears,
I use it as anal lube on your wives."
Why did you go to that one?
[Chris]
Oh! Oh! Oh! "Strap on ur theta dildo
- n start pounding."
- Okay. Yes, that shit exists on here.
But I also learned the difference between
a delta squeeze and a gamma squeeze.
And now everyone
is talking about call options.
Jenny, baby,
you're never gonna find a man on there.
[sighs]
And you're never gonna date Puff Daddy.
First of all, no one has said Puff Daddy
since the '90s
and second of all, this isn't Puff Daddy.
This is Loop Daddy.
Okay, well, whatever Daddy he's called,
he's weird looking.
Hey, well, my guy has, what,
5 million TikTok followers.
- How many does yours have?
- I don't know.
Quick scroll. 412.
- Who cares?
- The Internet at large.
But hey. Least I aim high.
- I aim high.
- [Chris laughs]
["21" playing]
♪ 21 bands for the age of 21 ♪
♪ I'mma flip the funds up
Then I cop the Chevy truck ♪
♪ Buy her what she want
And you know she show me love ♪
♪ Then I roll it up
Then I roll it up ♪
♪ Motherfuckers wanna hate me
And shame me ♪
♪ Motherfuckers wanna drain me
Cobain me ♪
♪ All these bitches trying to chain me
And blame me ♪
♪ Motherfuckers wanna change me
And hate me ♪
[Keith on video]
What up, everybody? Roaring Kitty here.
Yo! Yo! Yo! This price action,
gettin' kind of ridiculous, am I right?
Let's see what happens.
See what happens at the end of the week.
But it's all about
the trend staying intact.
But this, this looks sick.
[wheels clacking]
Morning, Marcos!
[Marcos] Shit... Yo, what's... Hey, Brad.
Yo, um, I was wondering
if could I get an advance on my pay?
[Brad] I can run it up the chain,
but with all the cutbacks,
that's unlikely.
Oh, hey! You could do
the employee TikTok contest.
You do a lip sync,
you can win 10 labor hours.
[Marcos] Yeah, man, totally.
That's dope. I was thinkin' "Savage."
Yeah. Yeah, sure, I love it.
Or yo, that Drake one with Lil Durk.
That's a great one too.
Because I know you love Lil Durk.
- C'mon.
- [Brad scoffs]
No, I'm gonna do Megan Thee Stallion.
For sure, for sure, for sure.
♪ I'm a savage ♪
♪ Classy, bougie, ratchet ♪
♪ Sassy, moody, nasty ♪
Okay, mask! Mask.
Sorry.
♪ Acting stupid, what was happening? ♪
♪ What's happening? I'm a savage ♪
Huh, A+ man. You're a shoo-in
with moves like that.
[Marcos]
Yo, you think so for real, though?
That's sweet, real.
Ten labor hours.
Damn, it's like Christmas came early!
I'm pullin' for ya!
Thanks, man.
["Savage" playing]
♪ I'm that bitch ♪
♪ I'm that bitch
Hey ♪
♪ I'm the hood Mona Lisa
Break a nigga into pieces ♪
♪ Had to X some cheesy niggas
Out my circle like a pizza ♪
♪ I'm way too exclusive
I don't shop on Insta' boutiques... ♪
♪ ...only fit fake booties ♪
♪ Fuck cash shit ♪
♪ Talking cash shit ♪
♪ Pussy like water
I'm unbothered and relaxing ♪
Mmm! Fries.
♪ I would never trip on a nigga
if I had him ♪
♪ Bitch, that's my trash, you the maid
So you bagged him ♪
♪ I'm a savage
Classy, bougie, ratchet ♪
No, fuck!
♪ Sassy, moody, nasty... ♪
God!
Goddamn it! Fuck!
But first, cheers! Cheers, everybody.
I mean, look. I know we still got
a lot of bear takes out there.
But as I dive deeper and deeper
into this thing,
it's looking increasingly
compelling to me.
And then you got the huge short interest.
Now, I'm not betting on a short squeeze.
I've been saying that the whole time.
You guys have been talking about it.
Thesis is grounded in fundamentals,
but I'm not...
But to... I mean, today, I mean, I'm...
I mean, it's starting to feel
a little squeezy, right?
Starting to feel a little squeezy. Honk!
I mean, hello. Okay!
All right, all right. I need a drink.
I need a drink.
Now. A lot of you are accusing me
of talking a big game.
- [Caroline] Keith?
- But--
- [Caroline] Babe, where are you?
- Oh... Coming!
Duh... I'm on Daddy duty tonight.
I'll be right back.
["Stack It" playing]
♪ Stack it, pack it
Stack it, pack it, trap it ♪
♪ Send it to a rich nigga
Tell him work his magic ♪
♪ Stack it, pack it
Stack it, pack it, trap it ♪
♪ Send it to a rich nigga
Tell him make somethin' happen ♪
♪ I ain't slowin' down for no clown ♪
[rings]
♪ Tell him hit the next route
I'm the best out ♪
♪ Work on my confidence
Now my chest out ♪
♪ Pop it and I'm blessed now
They only love you when you down ♪
♪ I'mma stack it, pack it
Stack it, pack it, trap it... ♪
Okay. There you go.
Ooh! Sorry.
Quick tendie break.
Mmm!
Gotta love those tendies.
Sweet, sweet tendies.
Speaking of tendies.
- Look at this. Look at this chart.
- [auspicious music playing]
We go from four, to six, to seven. Now...
ten.
Wall Street must be seeing this, right?
Or are we just screaming into the void?
Hello, Mr. Market. We got tendies too.
We got tendies too.
Maybe we are.
They never saw the, like, 9 billion
resumes I sent from 2016 to 2019.
Or in 2009,
right after I graduated college.
I guess they were busy
with that whole "market crash" thing then.
[car approaching]
["Stack It" blaring from car speakers]
♪ Send it to a rich nigga... ♪
- [tires screech]
- Fuck!
♪ Stack it-- ♪
[engine stops]
[groans]
Kevin, you son of a bitch!
You can't run with a baby.
You can't run with a baby!
- Don't take my car, man!
- I fucked up your seat!
There's no gas left.
- [cries]
- I know.
["Better Man" playing]
- ♪ You in the zone ♪
- ♪ I can be a better man... ♪
[students chattering
and chanting indistinctly]
["Better Man" continues over speakers]
How did that taste?
Hey-oh, can I put my pants back on?
[all] No!
"Choose a player and put your hand
down their panties for a whole minute."
[man 1] Panties, who's got panties?
"Two shots if they refuse."
- [students laugh]
- I mean, I got some panties.
- [students groan]
- Ew!
- [James] Bro.
- [students chattering]
- [man 1] Hello. [laughs]
- [man 2] All right.
- All right.
- [woman] Hey, girl.
You said two shots, right?
Oh, c'mon.
[students chattering]
[Harmony] Fuck, all good.
- Can someone start the timer?
- I got you. I got you.
- [Harmony] Should I just...? Okay.
- [Riri] Get in there.
- You sure?
- Yeah.
- [James] Whoa.
- [woman whoops]
Okay...
Hi.
- How are you?
- [students laugh]
Can you shut the fuck up?
- Fuck off!
- [laughing continues]
[Harmony] So what'd you do today?
Well, I attended a Zoom seminar
during which I watched
two hours of TikTok.
- [Harmony laughs]
- Oh!
I, um, purchased three shares of stock.
Okay, what stock?
- GameStop.
- Yo, Roaring Kitty!
C'mon. Yes, James.
- [students laughing]
- Can I please put some pants back on?
- [all] No!
- Sit down.
I'm three days into that shit. Look it.
That's just, that's only from today.
I don't care.
I don't know what the fuck I'm doing.
I just know I'm making money.
I'm not sold on that.
[Riri] It's doubled since summer.
And the more people who buy in,
the higher it'll go.
That sounds like the literal definition
of a pyramid scheme.
- That's time.
- [man] Bravo!
["You Make Me Wanna Purr"
blaring over speakers]
♪ You make me wanna
You make me wanna ♪
♪ You make me wanna ♪
♪ You make me wanna
You make me wanna ♪
♪ You make me wanna... ♪
Sorry, I have terrible allergies.
And a killer headache.
Could just be the music coming
from next door though.
You see your buddy Ken's up to
57 billion in short positions?
Yeah, smart. The economy's in free fall.
- Mmm.
- [snorts]
I honestly can't tell
if that was you or Romeo.
Very funny.
I'm telling you. This is when
they drag out the guillotines.
- You're obsessed with him.
- The man is an asshole.
He stole five analysts from me.
All mediocre by the way.
Oh, and two paintings.
- What paintings?
- A Picasso and a de Kooning.
He overpaid 500 million.
That is my entire nut from last year.
The man is an asshole. Just admit it.
You're just bitter
he stole those analysts.
You seen Citadel's projected revenue?
$7 billion.
That's, uh, double last year.
Hoovering up all the stimulus checks.
- They go straight from the retail traders
- Thank you.
right into Kenny boy's pockets.
The man just gets away with murder.
Look at what I just sent you.
Is this a video of a man drinking
his own urine because a stock went up?
#1 post on the site.
Where did you get this?
My analysts sent it to me.
They call themselves apes and r-words.
Retard, can they say that?
Remarkably self-aware. They've hooked
into GameStop for whatever reason.
They think it's funny, it seems.
I think it's funny.
I think they think it's a good investment.
Retail traders always lose.
We've actually been short GameStop
since 2014.
The company is a complete disaster.
They've had six CEOs in two years.
Guess these guys are ignoring
obvious secular market trends.
Or they're...
the stupidest people on earth.
You're shorting more right now,
aren't you?
600,000 shares, maybe.
Dumb money, man.
I'm happy to take it.
["You Make Me Wanna Purr"
continues blaring outside]
Mmm! Mmm-mmm-mmm!
Mmm-mmm-mmm!
[automated voice] Listen up, retards,
Melvin Capital has declared war on GME
by shorting the stock even more.
This is our call to activate
diamond hands, my fellow warriors.
We will not let the gay bears defeat us.
We are on a mission to the fucking moon.
This is one that is bigger
than your personal gains.
More than just tendies for a new Lambo.
This is our chance to rise up together.
To stick it to the big man.
Squeezing Melvin by the fucking balls
with the collective power
of diamond handing autists.
Wall Street Bets I thought were a bunch
of idiots just throwing money at a stock
because they thought it was funny.
I was wrong.
Now I see what Wall Street Bets really is.
- It is a revolution.
- This is one of those rare moments
where Wall Street are the ones
getting screwed over.
And when we decide we're hungry,
there is very little
the rich can do to stop us
- from beating them.
- It's a GameStop to stop the game.
- Power to the people.
- I'm jerking off right now.
Jerking off right now.
[automated voice]
So welcome aboard, grab your peanuts,
and get the fuck in, retard.
[Keith] Ho, ho, ho!
What up, everybody? Merry Christmas,
Happy New Year's, happy holidays. Uh...
2020... See ya.
2020 has been a very rough year
for my family too.
So this GameStop news
has been a bit of a bright spot.
Uh, look at this, I mean, where it's at.
It's a five bagger
from where it was over the summer.
You don't often see a thesis
play out like this.
So we gotta--
We can't take it for granted, right?
We gotta appreciate it.
Thank you, Santa. Right.
Uh, I wanted to say cheers all of you.
You're why I'm here in the first place.
Uh, it's fun to talk about.
I mean, I figure,
if I worked at a hedge fund,
I'd compare notes with my colleagues.
But I don't.
I'm stuck at home like you guys. So...
Uh, I believe in this stock.
And I believe in this community.
Um...
I'll be honest, uh,
it's been kind of a shitty year.
Uh, for a lot of people. Lotta people
lost people the past 12 months. I did too.
Uh, my sister, Sara.
Uh...
[poignant, pensive music playing]
I don't talk about it much.
But it felt right to tell you.
Uh, we've been through so much together.
You've made me feel a part of something,
something big.
So, uh, Merry Christmas. Cheers.
[music fades]
[keypad beeping]
I like your car.
It's a classic.
- '95.
- [man] Yes!
Sadly, it's a gas-guzzler.
Yeah, yup, this one too.
But she's such a beauty
I couldn't stand to trade her.
'96 Honda Accord?
Uh, 2003. Not quite a classic.
[chuckles]
It's kinda weird to talk to someone
and see their whole face. Right?
It's been so long.
I... I work at a hospital,
you could probably tell.
Essential worker.
Thank you for everything you do.
Oh, you're very welcome.
[pump clicks]
[pump clacks]
[pump receiver clicks]
[man] Hey, uh...
Have a good night.
Cool.
Safe travels.
[car door closes]
[engine starts]
[Riri] Remember when
you were just making fun of me
- and now you're literally obsessed.
- No, I don't recall.
- How much are you up?
- 948.
Stock dipped a little,
it was like 2,000 before Christmas.
Maybe you should sell.
No. It's not about the money.
The stock market is not about the money?
No. You just gotta read
some of the stuff on here.
Never understood why my dad
was so pissed off about this whole thing,
but now I do.
I told you about his store, right?
Costco?
Shopko.
It was like, this like...
big chain in our area.
My dad, he worked his way all the way up
from bag boy to general manager.
Then one of these Wall Street funds
came in, bought it,
and vampire-sucked all the money out of it
and then declared bankruptcy.
Fuck.
Yeah.
He lost his pension. Everything.
It's why he had to work at
Pick 'n fuckin' Save till the day he died.
And now that's why
I'm up to my ass in debt.
And these fuckers are trying to do
the same thing to GameStop.
Fuck 'em.
Fuck 'em all.
- [Riri] Wait, look.
- Hm?
Look at this.
- This guy wants to CashApp me $100
- Shut the fuck up.
to send him a selfie. Or 500
if I live chat him from a bubble bath.
[Harmony] Yes! Yes, we should do it.
- What?
- Yes, we do it.
And then put the money into GameStop.
- Who am I talking to right now?
- C'mon, bitch, let's go get a tub.
["Litt" playing]
♪ We got this motherfucker lit
On some money shit ♪
♪ Yeah, everybody's shit
Everybody's shit, yeah ♪
♪ We got this motherfucker lit
On some money shit ♪
♪ Everybody's shit
Everybody's shit ♪
♪ Unh, please don't pretend... ♪
[woman] Your entire business
is kids spending their lunch money
on random stocks.
They come to you because it's free.
But if you don't charge a commission
on their trades,
how do you make money?
[song stops]
The idea for Robinhood really came out
of the Occupy Wall Street movement.
All those people
with no way of getting in.
Is that what Occupy was about?
I mean, were they trying to get in or...
So we said, it's not enough to occupy.
- We need to democratize Wall Street.
- Nat, I'm not sure you know this,
but Baiju and I are both immigrants.
I was born in Bulgaria,
and Baiju's parents immigrated from India
to the Deep South.
Can you imagine growing up
in rural Virginia with a name like
Baiju Prafulkumar Bhatt? [laughs]
We created commission-free trading
so that anyone can get in the game.
You don't even need a bank account.
People have really responded.
We've added 5 million users,
uh, in the last six months,
- for a total of, um...
- Close to 20 at this point. Million.
[Nat]
So, you're one of these tech companies
that's exploded growth-wise,
but doesn't make any money.
- We make money.
- [Nat] But how?
- If you don't charge commission then...
- From interest on people's accounts.
[Nat] But your users are mostly young.
So, how much money can they
really be keeping in their account?
There's also payment for order flow.
What's that?
We prefer the term "stock order routing."
When you buy or sell a stock on our app,
we send your order to market makers,
who process the order.
They pay us a tiny rebate on every trade.
- Tiny.
- But it adds up.
We should really get back to how we...
started our company.
What market maker do you work with?
A few. Citadel Securities mostly.
Ken Griffin's firm?
Isn't that a hedge fund?
Well, Ken Griffin's hedge fund
is called Citadel.
But Citadel Securities
is a completely different company.
Also owned by Ken Griffin?
All right,
we weren't gonna do this,
but we'll give you a scoop.
Off the record for now.
Okay.
We're looking to IPO soon.
Damn. Okay.
That's big.
["Humble" playing]
♪ Girl, I can buy your ass the world
With my paystub ♪
♪ Ooh, that pussy good
Won't you sit it on my taste bloods? ♪
♪ I get way too petty
Once you let me do the extras ♪
♪ Pull up on your block then break it down
We playin' Tetris ♪
♪ AM to the PM, PM to the AM, funk ♪
♪ Piss out your per diem
You just gotta hate 'em, funk ♪
♪ If I quit your BM ♪
♪ Hold up
Sit down, lil bitch ♪
♪ Be humble, lil bitch... ♪
Okay, don't say the bad word.
[boy] ♪ Be humble ♪
♪ Sit down ♪
♪ ...be humble... ♪
[Marcos] ♪ Sit down, be humble ♪
- ♪ Sit down ♪
- ♪ ...be humble ♪
- ♪ Hold up, lil bitch ♪
- ♪ Sit down, be humble ♪
- ♪ Sit down, lil bitch ♪
- ♪ Bitch, sit down ♪
- ♪ Hold up... ♪
♪ Be humble, sit down, lil bitch ♪
Kev, please.
Your father needs to concentrate.
♪ Well, sit down, lil bitch ♪
Drove long-haul for forty years.
I don't need to concentrate.
- [song stops]
- Fine. I need to concentrate.
- What do you need to concentrate about?
- [gasps]
[Steve gasps] What?
[Elaine] I thought they were veering over
into our lane.
[Steve] Nobody was veering, Elaine.
It's okay.
[sighs]
You talk to any of the girls
at the clinic?
A few of them have called.
[Elaine sighs]
I miss it.
Boys, never retire.
Keith, never retire.
Kevin, if you ever get a job,
never retire.
I have a job!
Yet you still live with Ma and Dad.
Oh, you're some big professional now
cuz you're fucking king dork on YouTube?
Just one of many dorks.
[scoffs] This asshole
thinks he's Jimmy Buffett now.
- C'mon.
- [Keith] Warren Buffett.
- Warren Buffett.
- See?
You're not either of the Buffetts, Kitty!
You're Ballz?
- Hey!
- [Steve] Ah, good Christ.
- Fellas.
- [Kevin] Ma.
- [groans]
- Drop! Stop it!
Door Dash is not a job.
MassMutual's a job.
- A job's got business cards.
- Door Dash is a job.
Okay, I'm a first responder.
And second of all, Ma,
nobody uses business cards anymore.
We're proud of you, honey.
Get a room.
[poignant music playing]
Take your time. I'll be in the car.
Yeah.
Love you.
[dramatic music playing]
[Gabe] It has been dragging on.
Honestly, I don't know
when we'll be able to start demo
because local ordinances are a nightmare.
[Ken] My heart bleeds for you.
Having to borrow a tennis court.
"Borrower is slave to the lender."
Is that Buffett?
It's the Bible. Uh, Proverbs.
My Grandpa Melvin used to say it.
When he was starting
his convenience store,
he refused to borrow one dollar.
It was a point of pride.
Ah, yes, your humble beginnings.
"Grandpa Melvin" Capital,
now with 16 billion under management.
Better than "Citadel."
You sound like you're preparing for war.
I'm a man of the people.
You rented out a resort,
and relocated your entire firm here
so you could stay open during lockdown.
Says the man who flew his whole firm
down private just for a party.
And anyway,
what kind of company shuts down
just because the government tells them to?
All the ones in your short portfolio.
- And yours.
- Ah!
- All except for one actually.
- [Ken] Which one?
- [Gabe] GameStop.
- [Ken] How?
[Gabe] They sell computer mouses. Mice?
They claim it makes them
an essential business.
[Ken] That is the smartest dumbest thing
I've ever heard.
[Gabe] I know, it's actually a fun one.
The revenue's in the toilet.
632 million net loss last year.
They'd be better off just burning
the whole company down.
The stock though, it has been volatile.
It's been up.
- Buybacks?
- Retail traders.
- [laughs]
- [Marcos] Bro. I don't have it, bro.
- Damn, brother.
- Sorry, man.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- Have a good one, bro.
- Yo, stay up though! Aight, bro. Aight.
- Yeah.
I'm gonna put these back real quick.
[music fades]
Hey, Marcos.
[Marcos] Yes, Bradley?
Uh, I... I love how you engaged
with that customer,
but we really wanna close
those pre-owned sales.
The margin's more than double.
Oh shit, double.
Yeah, you didn't do
any of the five prongs, dude:
Pre-orders. Reward-card subscriptions.
Used sales. New sales. Trade-ins.
Yeah, I mean,
when I was a 16-year old gamer,
all I wanted was a reward-card
subscription.
$5 cash back monthly,
20 points for every dollar spent...
Don't get me started.
A lot of really smart people in corporate
put this plan together.
Yeah, but any of them
ever played a video game?
Uh, it doesn't matter, Marcos,
because they own our asses.
Yo, they don't own my ass, so.
They do,
and they always will.
Mask.
Hey, Bradley.
You ever heard of a short squeeze?
Is that a sexual thing?
No.
Oh, yeah!
[Colbert] Here's what's going on.
Late last year,
hedge funds started shorting stock
in the retail store GameStop.
Meaning they had bet against it
and needed it to drop in price
for their investments to be successful.
Now unfortunately for the hedge funds,
small investors started buying the stock
led by something called Wall Street Bets,
a popular, juvenile,
foul-mouthed Reddit page.
And when Wall Street Bets noticed
that hedge funds had taken
a large short position in GameStop stock,
they decided to punish
the Wall Street big boys
and launched a coordinated buying spree.
The revolutionaries on Reddit
are spanking Wall Street's ass.
GameStop shares absolutely going nuts.
I think it was up over 70% at one point.
- Massive short squeeze,
- [Keith] Show me...
- closing there, with a gain of 51%
- the tendiesss!
after traders on message boards...
[yelling]
What?
Happy Wednesday! Happy hump day!
Gee... look at this!
Look at this shit!
A 90% increase in one day?
In one fucking day!
We're goin' to the mooooon.
Whoa-ho-ho-ho!
Okay, now, if you've been watching
this price action,
this is what I'm talking about.
Yeah, but you can really feel that panic
from Wall Street, right.
When they... we're starting to feel
a little squeeze. Starting to feel it.
You're starting to really feel
a little squeeze.
I need a drink. I need a drink.
I know we all drinking tonight.
We fucking did it!
We started from the bottom
and now we're here!
- ["I'd Do Anything for love" playing]
- Let's raise a glass
to a great company
that's undervalued, cheers.
Soon may the tendiemen come...
Show me the tendies. Show me the tendies.
I got 'em right here.
Show me the tendies. I just gotta...
I just gotta dip.
I just gotta... I just gotta dip. Ah!
Mmm.
♪ No way
And I would do... ♪
Mmm-mmm-mmm.
11 fucking million dollars?
What the fuck!
- Oh, language. The baby's here.
- What are you gonna do?
Get a Ferrari? A Lambo?
Caroline, you're gonna ask for
a big diamond, right?
I have a diamond.
Keith, you get a fucking diamond!
If I were you, I'd look like
- DJ Khaled right now.
- Kev! It's not real.
I mean, it's real, but it's just paper.
Just on paper! You're gonna sell, right?
- No!
- Maybe.
I mean, I don't know. Uh...
- We... we haven't talked about it.
- What the fuck is wrong with you?
I'm riding Mom's bike every day
to Dorchester to drop off cheeseburgers
because you won't let me use
your fucking car.
And you're mister "I won't sell
and take millions of dollars."
And, well, what you do with your life
is your choice.
You think I wanted to get laid off
from Dick's during a global pandemic?
I love those sneakers, man.
I loved that store. I love Dick's.
- Mom's bike doesn't even have gears.
- We don't know if it's reached the top.
The stock jumped like 23% yesterday.
- Double from Friday's close.
- But he's right.
I mean, 11 million dollars
is a lot of fucking dough.
- Thank you!
- [Keith] Okay, yes,
but since Ryan Cohen
joined the board, the...
This fucking guy.
...got a 2 billion market cap.
I mean, could it go pff? Yeah.
But that's not what I'm seeing.
That's not what I'm seeing, Kev.
Kev? You there?
Did he hang up?
Yeah.
[groans]
Fuck, I think hold.
[pensive music playing]
- [Chris] Girl, you gotta sell.
- [Jenny] I'm not selling.
How much are you up?
[Jenny] 58,000 and some change.
[man speaking indistinctly]
Baby girl, what the fuck?
You need to get out while you can.
- Don't be an idiot.
- You remember red headband guy.
He's worth 11 million dollars.
And he's not selling.
- No fucking way.
- [Jenny] Yes fucking way.
This is what I'm telling you.
Diamond hands.
Diamond hands. You hold the line
no matter what the market does.
No matter what Wall Street says.
What happens
when everyone else sells first,
and before you get out
you've lost all your money?
[woman] Are there any volunteers?
- [Jenny] I'm...
- [man] Anyone?
- [Jenny] We're gonna hold the line.
- [woman] C'mon.
- Someone has to go first.
- Okay, yeah. I'll do it.
[man] Here we go everyone.
The first Covid vaccine
at Pittsburgh Presbyterian.
[Riri] Ah!
Fuck! Fuck!
Fuck! Guys, we need your help.
What should we do?
So listen, my girl bought in under 20
and now it is over 60.
So like, should she sell?
On the one hand, she has principles.
On the other,
she has 100k in student debt. So...
One way you could think
about the comparison between
Marxism and Utilitarian tradition
is that they both have a micro story
and a macro story.
When you think of Utilitarian tradition...
The only thing that would convince her
to sell is if Roaring Kitty sold.
So... Where my pussy at?
[professor] You have the micro story
for the Pareto principle
for how each individual action will go.
But you also have a macro story.
[over speakers]
Where my pussy at? Where my pussy at?
- Where my pussy at?!
- [Harmony] Sorry.
- Where my pussy aaaaatttt?!
- [students laughing]
[Harmony] I'm so sorry.
Hey, hey, where my pussy at? Ha!
- Where is my pussy at?
- It's not in here.
[pensive music playing]
[Riri] Whoa,
- wait, listen, hold on.
- [chattering indistinctly]
"Future generations will look back
and say 'Good men stood here,
good men fought,
and died on this ground...
as they point to a TradingView daily chart
of GME zoomed in on January.'
Since the spawn of the stonkmarket,
two classes of people
have been pitted against each other..."
"Eternal enemies, forever forced and
fated to combat: lions and hyenas."
[Marcos] "These lions...
these Wall Street hedge funds have it all.
Billions of dollars,
bail outs for reckless trades,
these dirty fucking criminal bastards."
Yup, these fucking motherfuckers.
"And then there's us.
The working man, the average Joe.
What do we have?
What the fuck do we have?
They literally call us 'dumb money.'"
[Kevin]
"These lions, these hedge fund guys,
were born with silver spoons
in their mouths.
The top 1% of the 1%.
They have massive bank accounts,
eat medium rare Grade A Wagyu steak."
What the fuck is that?
That sounds delicious.
"With truffle shavings for lunch."
That's fuck!
"They frequent the finest strip clubs.
They have blow and escorts
on their yacht parties."
Why do we hate these guys?
"Then you know what
they will tell these escorts?"
- What's an escort?
- Stop listening!
"When the smoking hot blonde asks them,
'Like, how do you have so much money?'"
"You know what they say? They say
'Ha, dumb money, babe. Dumb money.'"
- [boy] Something's burning.
- [smoke alarm beeping]
Oh... damn it.
- Shit!
- You said "shit".
[clicks]
[Marcos] "Last, the GME trade is about
class warfare. Plain and simple.
We may be hyenas, yes. But guess what?
You put enough of us together,
and we can destroy a lion."
It's on, motherfuckers! [howls]
[music turns dramatic]
Aw, we coming for y'all.
Y'all better get ready.
We fucking coming for you.
That is some nerdy shit, man.
My brother is a fucking nerd.
[panting]
Fuck!
[footsteps thumping]
[girl screams]
Counting down from 5
and then I'm coming back in there.
I don't think you want that.
[girl screams]
5.
- 4.
- 3.
2.
[screaming stops]
Thank you.
- How was your day?
- Long.
It's so hard to keep them focused
on Zoom school. They're just not into it.
How was your day?
[Gabe] Good.
You're not worried
about the short squeeze thing?
The dam'll break next week.
A few of them will decide it's gone
high enough, they'll cash out,
the rest will follow,
whole thing will come crashing down.
I can't think of the last short squeeze
that actually worked.
Ackman and Herbalife.
Before that... Piggly Wiggly? [laughs]
Piggly Wiggly.
Yeah. 1923, a bear cartel was shorting
the Piggly Wiggly grocery store.
The founder, he takes out a loan
for what would be $150 million today.
He buys back almost all the stock,
like 99% of the stock.
The price of the stock goes up 50%.
- How much is GameStop up?
- Then, the exchange,
they halt trading on the stock
so the short sellers
can cover their positions.
Is that legal?
The founder had to declare bankruptcy. So...
it was all fine in the end.
And you knew all that or you looked it up?
Every fund manager knows that story.
You looked it up.
Double checked some numbers maybe.
[Steve Cohen]
Oh, do you see what's going on at GME?
- [Gabe] There's more of these idiots.
- [Steve] A lot more.
- [Gabe] They won't hold much longer.
- [Steve] Oh, Gabe, honey, they're holding.
It just crossed a hundred.
[tense, pensive music playing]
Gabe?
Where are you?
You should probably dial in.
Yeah, be on in one sec.
[man on TV]
GameStop, extraordinary volatility today.
You know, we might want
to make this the stock of the day.
Now that it's gaining 103%.
That is volatility.
I will tell you,
I've never seen anything like it.
Um, I'm concerned about it deeply.
I'm calling it the ultimate short squeeze.
- How much money is being made...
- Holy fucking shit.
...now we're gonna talk about GameStop.
Those shares...
- nonstop earning about of 130% today.
- Holy fucking shit!
As bullish retail traders
frenetically buy shares.
Holy fucking shit!
Yo, holy shit!
- Shit balls.
- Holy shit!
[woman on TV]
You look at the chart for the month.
- It's up 220%.
- [Riri] Oh, fuck!
- Look there... It's crazy.
- Everything okay?
[Keith] Holy fucking shit!
Holy fucking shit!
...if you go short in some of these
elaborate options trades,
you can lose money to infinity.
[man on TV] GameStop now at 123
and change, another record high.
Holy fucking shit!
[man on TV] Completely disconnected
from the fundamentals.
And this is very much being driven
by retail investors.
Many of them trading on Robinhood.
When the music stops,
somebody is gonna be left without a seat.
This for casino money only.
They're literally putting the game
in GameStop.
...is the craziest I think I've ever seen.
True investors never heard of Reddit
a few years ago.
But for that to drive a short squeeze...
[man on TV] It is Wall Street Bets.
It's worth going to the site
because it is incredibly compelling.
You may think it's froth,
but they are using arguments
that they think hold up under scrutiny.
- I just like the stock!
- [Harmony] I can't look.
- I can't look. I can't look.
- It's up another 4%.
I'm gonna have a fucking heart attack.
Should we sell?
And betray your boyfriend?
Absolutely not. No.
- [man 1 on TV] The stock is up 581%.
- Maybe.
...they are being very specific:
- To break the shorts.
- Yes.
[man 2] I mean, what's going on
in GameStop right now
conceivably could take
a couple of firms out.
Hedge funds if they were
stupid enough to be short.
Babe, how much did we make today?
5 million.
[Caroline] And yesterday?
4 million.
Babe...
Yeah?
We're, like, really fucking rich.
[pensive music playing]
How much did we lose today?
A billion.
And yesterday?
[groans]
Some news to bring you right now
is that Melvin Capital Management,
this is the hedge fund
that had shorted this company,
that had effectively been attacked
by an army of investors trying to push up
and press up the stock of GameStop.
They've taken a rather huge loss...
Sorry, if you could just
put your head up for a sec?
Thanks.
How long've you been down here?
A few months.
You like the weather?
Heat is nice. The humidity not as much.
I can see that. [laughs]
- Hm.
- All right, I think you're good to go.
[tense music playing]
- Hey!
- Hey, man.
- Hi.
- It's good to connect.
You too. Great to be here.
- Excited.
- I'm glad you are.
Listen, I want to get right to it.
From what I'm hearing,
you guys are bankrupt.
No! What? No.
'Cause the word on the street
is that you're drowning.
No, that's... That's crazy.
- We're doing great.
- You're on the record with that?
Obviously.
All right, man. Well, then, we're gonna
get the live feed up right now,
and then we're gonna get to you
right after this next advertising break.
Perfect, great. Yes, can't wait.
All right, one more spot
and then you're gonna be up.
I really do think this is the right time
for you to communicate.
- Great, yes. Agreed.
- Great. We're gonna do it.
Address it all head on.
It's gonna be good.
- No.
- What? Gabe, we're on in 10 seconds.
I can't do this. I'm sorry.
Gabe, seriously.
- Bye, I'm terribly sorry.
- Seriously, c'mon.
- Good to see you. The pleasure's here.
- We're going on right now.
[Yaara] Babe,
what's the damage?
[exhales]
[tense music continues]
- [seagulls cawing]
- [cell phone ringing]
Let me guess, you need cash.
Didn't call Ken first, did you?
He had Phillips reach out.
How much did he offer?
I haven't called him back yet.
Well, how much do you need?
You know what? Don't answer that.
The number doesn't matter.
Whatever it is, I'd love to buy in.
Tell Ken to fill in the rest.
Prick.
[cell phone ringing]
- [Gabe] Hey, Ken.
- Hey.
Hi, um... So, I might need...
Uh...
A new investor.
Consider it done.
Just keep moving forward.
Don't think about
what Grandpa Melvin used to say.
Prick.
- Thank you.
- [man on TV] Both Citadel
- and Point72 have infused
- Poor guy.
$3 billion into Melvin Capital
- to try to shore up...
- Another goddamn bailout.
Can you believe this crap?
Nobody bailed me out
when Richard left me alone
with two toddlers, a mortgage,
a shit car that never works.
You can say "shit" but we can't?
[Jenny]
It's just so damn unfair and you know it.
All we've done for the last year
is work our asses off helping people,
and all we've gotten is one $600 check.
This idiot effs up just about as bad
as anyone could eff,
and his friends come running in
with $3 billion.
That's why I keep telling you:
you're never gonna win.
Just take the money and do something nice.
Pay off your mortgage.
Get that one braces.
Look who's still holding.
If he's in, I'm in.
Yeah, he's still gonna need braces.
Your teeth are perfect.
So what? The stock's up $150.
How much higher is it gonna go?
We control the price now. Not Wall Street.
And no one on there is selling.
Shoes.
- Ugh. You're all so delusional.
- [Jenny] Maybe.
But look at what we managed to do
with these hedge funds.
If we keep driving up the price,
maybe we'll scare more of these guys
into closing out their shorts,
and then all of that bailout money...
- [Chris] Wait...
- becomes ours.
your screen name...
is Stonkmom?
- Hey!
- Help your mother.
- Why me and not Keith?
- Just shut up and do it, okay?
- Kev, take the potatoes.
- 'Cause you're rich now?
Mr. 23 million on paper but I won't sell.
- Kevin.
- Loser says what?
- What?
- Kevin, let Keith tell them.
Tell us what?
Oh, uh...
I was waiting to tell you in person.
But the, uh, stock we bet on,
GameStop, is up.
Ah, good.
- How much up?
- He's up 23 million, Pop.
[Steve] You're an asshole.
- Don't kid us.
- Uh, it's real.
Yeah, it's real.
And he's refusing to sell.
What is going on?
- You're pulling our leg.
- No.
Your son's a huge Internet celebrity now.
Millions of people including "Stonkmom"
thinks he's some like,
- I don't know, investment genius.
- No, he is a genius.
No, he's not.
You're up 23 million?
And you're not selling.
Jesus, Mary and Joseph.
What the fuck is wrong with you?
Do you even know
how much $23 million is?
And you're just gonna let it ride?
What's the matter with you?
- I know what I'm doing, Dad.
- [Elaine] But why aren't you selling?
What, wait! Is this illegal?
Are you in trouble?
No. No, he's not in trouble.
- It's totally legal.
- Yeah.
He's posting his balance sheet
on the Internet.
- What?
- [Keith] Hedge fund managers,
they go on CNBC all the time
to pump up the stock.
All I do is post my balance sheet
on Wall Street Bets
- after market close.
- You post your balance sheet?
Yeah, the same idiot
who left a fresh pair of Nikes out on
the bleachers for just anyone to take.
So you admit they were stolen!
- We gotta talk about this.
- You're a fuckin' moron.
- Least I won.
- What's the point of winning
if you let some dipshit steal the prize?
You would've broke a four
if you had the Zooms.
A four minute mile
isn't everything, Kevin.
Maybe we should get in touch
with Briggsy.
- You know, he works in finance.
- Yes.
You think Briggsy knows
more about this than Keith does?
Well, can you talk about why
you're putting your stocks
- in the Wall Street Journal?
- Wall Street Bets.
What if someone tries to rob you?
Kidnap the baby?
No one's gonna kidnap the baby.
- Nobody wants that baby, Mom.
- [Steve] I'm just saying,
that if we're gonna talk to somebody,
- you need to talk to Briggsy.
- [Elaine] Yes, honey.
- This is the point...
- Enough!
You guys, Keith has literally
poured his heart and his soul
into this for the past year.
He knows what he's doing.
I know it's been a tough time, Elaine.
You should still sell.
Think you should sell.
[professor speaking indistinctly]
And just fuck the principle
of the whole thing?
I don't like it any more than you do.
[tense, pensive music playing]
You really don't think
that he's fucking selling?
[Harmony] No!
Ladies.
Masks.
Kids are with their father for a few days.
So, I'm going to Florida.
You finally fucking sold.
Halle­fuckin-lujah.
No, I'm putting it on my Visa.
You shitting me?
You're worth hundreds of thousands
of dollars in stock,
and you're amassing credit card debt.
You really are out of your mind.
No, babe, I'm all in. Diamond hand.
Did you know that Gabe Plotkin
gave an interview?
He's been getting death threats,
anti-Semitic messages
- from these WSB guys.
- It was ten comments.
There's always bad apples.
And the moderators deleted it right away.
[Chris] You're just gonna ride this thing
till zero?
No. I'm buying call options.
- That could go to 600 by tomorrow.
- Your kid is never getting braces.
[Marcos] There's 8 million people in there
and they're all holding.
It's only going to go up.
[in Spanish] It's a joke, Marcos.
But you're treating it
like it's real life.
Pops.
Look.
- This is real. Hold it. Look.
- [in English] Hey.
Aw, man.
8 million people is real.
[in Spanish] H-O-D-L.
8 million don't even know
how to spell "hold."
It's a joke.
- [woman speaks in Spanish] A corny joke.
- [in English] It's not funny.
Mom,
look.
I got $175,000 in stock right now.
[in Spanish] What?
Like serious money,
like I could get you a house
and get you up out of here, kind of money.
Baby.
Where did you get the money to buy this?
[father] Uh-huh.
I bought call options, for cheap.
- And they hit.
- [in English] So now you're gonna sell?
Nah. No, I buy more.
[in Spanish] At this price!?
When they hit,
I'm gonna buy you a mansion.
It's gonna be crazy.
My son, I don't need a mansion.
Papi.
Be careful.
Don't get addicted to this, my son.
This can be like a drug.
Some breaking news right now
on what has turned into the soap opera
and, uh, saga of the markets right now.
And that is the story of GameStop.
A month ago today, it was trading
at about 20 bucks per share.
Two days ago, it was under $80.
Today, nearly $350 a share.
The GameStop stock frenzy even now
has the attention of the White House.
...our economic team
including Secretary Yellen and others
are monitoring the situation.
You're witnessing
the French Revolution of finance.
There is a rebellion aspect to it.
There is
an anti-establishment aspect to it.
I don't know if Wall Street's ever seen it
like this before.
- No. It's generational.
- We never have.
It's like generational injustices.
[man] This is like
little poor guys vs. rich guys.
- And poor guys are winning right now.
- ["Seven Nation Army" playing]
[woman] Fucking hold! If you're new here
and you're trying to make a profit,
- fuck off!
- Stop what you're doing, and listen up.
I own GameStop on Robinhood
and I am not selling.
Hold. All you need to do is hold.
Keep fucking holding.
Soon the Tendieman comes
to send our rocket to the sun.
See this right here is the human being
who's largely responsible
for all this GameStop stuff.
Just a pure specimen.
A God-like undefeatable creature.
This is what excellence looks like.
I just like the stock.
Yesterday he posted this,
that he's in profit, wait for it...
47 million.
- [man 1] What the fuck is happening?
- [tense music playing]
- [man 2] What the fuck?
- [students clamoring]
Hey, did you try a different browser?
- I plugged the browser.
- [James] Shit, we're fucked.
Bro, what the fuck?
- What the fuck, dude?
- I told you this shit is rigged.
What the fuck is going on?
I can't get it to load.
[cell phone chimes]
Fuck!
What?
They shut down Wall Street Bets.
- What?
-"Hateful and discriminatory content."
That stuff has always been on there.
That's weird.
No?
I mean, it's like they're trying
to stop people from talking to each other.
[buzzing]
Babe, are you gonna get that?
Yes.
Oh.
Hello?
Ah, yes, I am...
I am the Roaring Kitty
and Deep F-ing Value.
Ah, no, but nobody ever asked me.
Oh, okay.
Sir, I just want to say
how grateful I am for this job
and how much it means
to me and my family.
I would never let a hobby jeopardize...
Okay. I understand.
- Yeah?
- It's MassMutual. They're...
getting calls from reporters "concerned"
about my "outside activities."
Was all this against the rules?
I wasn't...? Maybe now it is...
Okay.
Well, what was that call?
- Keith?
- It's okay.
What, are you going to lose your job?
- What?
- It's fine.
- They gave me a choice.
- Between what?
Between your job and Roaring Kitty?
- [baby crying over monitor]
- Uh...
- Resign or I'm fired.
- That's what he just said?
[crying continues]
I got it.
[Harmony]
Fuck it, Wall Street Bets is down,
I can't see Roaring Kitty's balance sheet.
Oh fuck.
I don't know what to do.
This could be the sell-off.
I really don't wanna do that.
Well, me neither.
But you can't let it go to zero.
It's 150 grand. You need that money.
And nobody is gonna hold
if they can't see what he's doing.
Close your eyes and count to three.
One.
- Two.
- Three.
- ["Boss" blaring over speakers]
- Your phone's ringing.
This is the sound of the world.
Your phone is ringing!
Oh, Robinhood. Yeah. It's an app.
It's on the phone.
- Yeah, no, your phone is ringing.
- Oh.
Yes...
♪ I'm a boss in a fucking dress... ♪
Slow down, Norm, what did you say?
The NSCC just sent us a file,
they want a deposit of 3 billion
to clear all the trades coming in.
Sorry.
Wait, who?
They're a subsidiary of the DTCC.
And they're requesting 3 billion.
Ah... Okay. Sorry, it's a little loud in
here. I thought you just said 3 billion.
I did!
- But we don't have 3 billion, Norm.
- That's correct.
We've only ever raised 2 billion
in the history of the company.
Holy fuck! What if we don't pay?
They shut us down.
The IPO, like, everything... poof.
Gretchen, Dan and I are going to
jump on a call with Citadel at 9.
Maybe this would be a good time
for me to chat with Ken Griffin.
Sure. We'll mention that.
I can't sleep.
Me neither.
I just feel sick!
We'll buy it back first thing.
Please shut up.
[tense, pensive music playing]
What the fuck.
Oh! What the fuck!
- What the fuck!
- Okay, let me try.
Is it frozen?
They cut off the buy option.
What?! That's fucking criminal.
[Vlad] I can't hear you, Baiju!
[Baiju] What the fuck did you do?
- Calm down.
- Me calm down?
You shut down trading on GameStop?
Not all trading.
Norm worked it out.
The DTCC agreed to lower the deposit
to 700 million
if we shut off buying,
and that's what I did.
- The Depository Trade Commission?
- [blender whirs]
They're like one degree away
from Ken Griffin.
- One more time, Baiju.
- [blender whirs]
...butt boys!
- What?
- It's not going to be okay.
You need to fix this...
Shh. I know, it's okay.
I did fix it, Baiju.
We've been watching shares
of GameStop all day long
after hitting a staggering high of $483.
The shares are now down to about 140.
Now, the best we can tell
is the Robinhood app
that seems to have triggered what really
has become a panic sell-off in this name.
And so if you're a retail investor
or a Reddit user and you've held,
well, you are feeling some serious pain
right now.
Oh God.
Fuck.
[man 1 on TV]
Now the criticism centered on Robinhood
for abandoning their followers here
in favor of helping those who had shorted
all these stocks in the first place.
[woman] I don't particularly like the move
on Robinhood today.
I'm talking to people this morning
that say,
"Okay, that is anti-capitalism.
- You can't do that."
- Fuck you, Robinhood!
[man 2] There's been some controversy
about Citadel and some vague accusations
that somehow Citadel may have been
involved in Robinhood's decision, Wolf,
to stop or restrict trading
in GameStop and other shorts...
[Yaara] Who is it from?
The Tendieman...?
Come back inside.
[man] Diamond fucking hands!
We all know how I feel about him.
I think he's a rat, a liar.
Okay, Vlad, you know everybody here
who's watching us hates your guts, right?
Thank you, Dave, that's, uh...
that's what I hear.
But I'm a really big fan of your show
and hopefully I can answer
- some of your questions.
- [man] Vlad, can you hear us?
- Vlad the stock impaler.
- Yes, I'm here... Hi.
Spill the beans, man,
what happened last week?
Why couldn't people buy GameStop shares?
The people demand an answer.
To give you some background,
I'm chief executive of Robinhood...
- Robbing executive.
- Yeah, we know that.
And I just want to say,
- we had no liquidity problem.
- Well, did something maybe shady
go down here?
Seems weird that you'd get a sudden
- 10 billion dollar demand... You know.
- Three, 3 billion...
- Okay, but 3 billion just suddenly,
- Yeah.
- out of nowhere and...
- Well, I wouldn't impute
any shadiness to any of this, um...
I don't have the full context, uh,
as to what was going on
with the NSCC to,
to, uh, make these calculations.
To what degree
are you beholden to Citadel?
I mean, like, basically,
if Citadel is unhappy, then what happens?
- [Vlad] It was a hard temperance.
- Is anyone holding you hostage right now?
Uh, no.
There's just no rational explanation
on why they would do what they did
without outside pressure, interference.
And they basically cratered the stock
on purpose.
So, I just don't believe
anything that guy says.
I wanted to take a cold shower
after seeing him say that.
Robinhood is facing lawsuits,
we know that.
After halting trade, they are accused
- of rigging the market.
- When the big guys,
including one of your main investors
in your company started to lose,
you shut down the game
to starve the little guy.
They're stealing from the poor
and giving back to the rich.
They're robbing from the 'hood! Why?
- I want to be 100% clear,
- All of you guys deserve to burn in hell.
- this decision to...
- And go to jail.
restrict trade was not made
on the direction
I'm just trying to get my mom
out the 'hood.
- of Citadel or any market maker.
- What the fuck? Fuck you!
And your Mama Dukes,
you motherfucking fraud.
Fuck this guy.
This guy is just
an obfuscating piece of shit.
Fucker.
There's only one man
I wanna hear from right now.
And Wall Street Bets is down,
so it's crickets.
It's crickets out here.
Say it with me.
- Where my pussy at!
- [man 1] Mr. Gill!
- [man 2] Mr. Gill!
- Roaring Kitty, I fucking love you!
- Keith Gill!
- Keith Gill, please!
- Okay.
- Please.
- Oh, sorry, this is, like, my house, uh...
- You want my autograph?
- Yeah.
You've been served.
[man 3]
Hey, to the moon, baby! To the moon.
Holy shit.
[crowd clamoring]
Sorry to interrupt. We need to talk
about the GameStop situation.
I thought Mecane was handling it.
So did we. But the committee's
specifically requested you, sir.
If they want specifics,
they can have Mecane.
It's not a choice, unfortunately.
Shitballs.
[keyboard clacking]
[Caroline] Keith?
- A congressional subpoena.
- I never did anything illegal.
And I always had disclaimers...
Why would you have disclaimers
if you weren't worried?
They're standard practice, Caroline,
everyone has them.
Babe...
- the answer is not in your computer.
- Whoa!
There's a dozen reporters on our lawn!
You have to testify before Congress.
- The game has changed.
- I know. I hear you.
I don't think you do.
Oh, my God. We're...
We're gonna go to my mother's.
No, she has terrible Wi-Fi.
I'm not talking about you.
I'm talking about me and her.
You need to figure this out.
- Where are you going?
- To the track.
- You were just on the track.
- I'm going again.
[tense music playing]
Hi. Can I interest you in
some champagne or a mimosa?
- Is it free?
- It is when you sit up here.
Well, there is a last time for everything.
Oh, you'll be back.
I had half a million in stocks last week,
but Wall Street cheated.
Surprise, surprise.
I could have cashed out.
I could have paid my mortgage.
Could have gotten my kid braces.
Got a new car.
Honey, I'm gonna get you
something stronger.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
[Kevin] Meow!
Kitty!
You know you can't just eat other people's
food. They do reviews, right?
Very funny.
Here.
What's this?
Look, they were on sale, all right,
- before you get all emotional and shit.
- Holy shit, you fucking softy.
Who put you up to this? Caro? Ma?
No, Dad called me in tears,
said my big brother
needed some moral support.
Ah, fuck off. I can't.
C'mon, man.
Will you at least try 'em on? Please?
Try 'em. C'mon,
you're the richest man in Brockton,
- you dress like an asshole.
- I lost 15 million yesterday.
And another 15 the day before that.
You're still the richest man in Brockton,
like, by far.
Bro, you got rich dudes
pissing in their pants right now.
I mean, c'mon, man, how many people
from Brockton High can say that?
This has gone crazy,
I got reporters hounding me
outside my house.
Yeah, man, me too.
They're coming after you.
You didn't talk to them, did you?
What do I look like? I said no.
I said give me 50 grand maybe.
Tell me you're kidding.
Well, if you give me 20, then maybe
we wouldn't have to deal with this shit.
The fuck is wrong with you!?
Kevin, I've just been subpoenaed
by Congress, man.
I do not have time for your bullshit.
- Oh, come off it, man!
- Seriously, asshole.
- Chill! It was a joke!
- Fuck!
[Keith sighs]
[groans]
I know.
Sorry.
We never used to fight this much.
- Sara.
- I miss her.
Me too.
She kept your ego in check.
Whole fuckin' world kept my ego in check.
What the fuck are you gonna tell
Congress, Keith? Huh?
Beg them not to send me to prison?
Hey...
Hey, do you remember back at Stonehill
when they dared me to run that mile naked?
Yeah, there was a crazy storm that night.
- You dumb shit.
- Fuck you, man.
That was dope, man.
I'm a legend over there.
Everybody remembers that!
- Okay.
- They do, man.
You don't think people remember
your 4-minute 3-second mile?
Oh... what is this, a pep talk?
Motherfucker, stop hiding.
Seriously. Okay, stop being all meek
and shit and running away.
What, you want me to run through
lightning with my dick out?
Yeah.
Please, exactly that.
Run through lightning with your dick out.
Fuck it.
[pensive music playing]
You didn't go to your mom's?
You took the car.
How was the run? Did it clear your head?
Kev found me, brought me these.
Hm. You guys talked?
Yup, he, uh, told me to run naked.
- You ran naked?
- No.
Uh, it's a metaphor. He's saying
I gotta take this thing head on.
Well...
I'd kinda like to see you run naked.
[sprinkler spraying]
By the way, Wall Street Bets is back up.
The motherfucker held.
Holy shit! He lost 30 million,
and he still fucking held.
- Robinhood's back up.
- What?
- We gotta get back in.
- Where's the stock at right now?
109.
Are you sure?
That's like all of the money
that we made back into the stock.
Yeah. We can't let them
get away with this.
Fuck 'em.
If he's in, I'm in.
Okay.
Fuck!
- [Harmony sighs, then laughs]
- [Riri yells]
The frenzy continues with retail investors
bidding back up GameStop.
- Meme stock mania is back.
- [woman] ...up more than 80%
as those message board traders
simply sent it higher.
[man] Stock volatility continuing,
it looks like this morning once again
GameStop are involved in
an ongoing battle between
retail investors and short sellers.
We're gonna have a lot more
on this story.
[woman] CEOs of Robinhood, Reddit,
Citadel and Melvin Capital.
Along with Keith Gill,
better known as Roaring Kitty
on social media, will be in the hot seat.
[tense music playing]
[Gabe] I'm here testifying today
far removed from my background.
I grew up in a middle-class family
in Portland, Maine.
My dad was a grocery store executive.
[woman] Maybe leave that part out.
The part about my dad?
The executive part.
Okay... okay.
I went to a public high school.
I studied hard and got into Northwestern.
- Just say "a good college."
- Upon...
I can't say I went to Northwestern?
- Too elite.
- Northwestern's too...
All right.
Upon graduation, I did not have a job.
Today, I'm married with four children.
Gabe, where do you plan on
doing your testimony?
- Here.
- In front of your wine collection?
I mean, this is... I don't have that big
of a wine collection honestly.
Yeah, it's huge.
[Keith]
Digital risks seem to be overblown.
Two, the negative sentiment is overdone.
- Three, the value...
- Maybe... here would be nice.
- Too many windows.
- Too many windows... Oh.
It's very bright.
- Yeah, ocean front's not a great idea.
- It's blue.
Yeah. Okay, I hadn't thought of that.
That, uh, yeah, downstairs there's more...
there's probably darker rooms.
[woman on TV] What a bandit.
Most of you know this guy,
who is the Roaring Kitty character,
- who was really pushing it.
- Holy shit.
- You know, voicing the information.
- Yo, Riri, our boy's on the news.
And what's the potentially systemic risk?
[man]
Those relationships in D.C. are strong.
The guys who run those hedge funds are
the guys who fund presidential campaigns.
- You know Roaring Kitties don't have
- That's a good point.
- that kind of influence,
- Gill is now being sued
- but the hedge fund managers do.
- for securities fraud
over his alleged role
in the GameStop rally.
Is Mr. Gill likely to appear,
and if he appears,
is he likely to talk
if he faces the potential of prosecution?
Fundamentals are based on three things:
One, digital risks are overblown.
Two, the negative sentiment is overdone.
And three...
Fuck.
- Ah, c'mon, shut up.
- [Keith] I know all this.
[Kevin laughing]
You guys, you guys, stop.
Stop, let's keep going.
All right, let's go again.
You're right, this is serious.
You can go to jail forever.
- A long time. Long, long time.
- All right. You ready?
You ready here we go. Back in the game.
- Mr. Gill. May I call you Mr. Gill, sir?
- It's my name.
[Kevin] Why the fuck wouldn't you be able
to call him Mr. Gill?
What were your intentions
with the YouTube videos
and your social media posts on GameStop?
- Yes.
- [Keith] Thank you, congresswoman.
[Caroline] You're welcome.
I developed a theory
that the company was undervalued
despite the significant short interest.
Oh, so you were aware
of the short interest.
It is public knowledge.
You can see it in the SEC filings.
[Briggsy] And your goal
was to break these shorts, yes?
To rally an online mob to artificially
push the price of GameStop soaring,
ah, "to the moon" as they say,
isn't that correct, Mr. Gill?
Objection, objection,
you're leading the witness.
- Kev...
- [Briggsy] Witness.
I yield my time to the chair.
You were hoping for the short squeeze,
weren't you, Mr. Gill?
You short squeezing bastard.
The short squeeze
was a marginal point of the thesis.
[Briggsy] Then why did you talk about it
in your videos all the time?
You did talk about it in your videos.
You talked about it a lot.
- You remember about the squeeze.
- Exactly.
You were like
"It's just a little squeeze."
[Briggsy] Exactly.
Are you really asking us to believe
that you weren't a leader
- to all these retail traders?
- You're fucked, buddy.
- My point of view...
- Asking. Yes or no?
- [Kevin] Yes or no?
- [Briggsy] Yes. So yes.
- Yes or no?
- You are admitting it. Yes.
Remember you with a cheap bottle
of champagne.
At any moment... Kevin!
- Kevin!
- Dunking tendies like a fucking--
What?
I'm running with my dick out.
Okay, why don't you just say that?
Okay, I'll stop.
All right. Mr. Gill, what exactly
about the fundamentals
- led you to build this bull case?
- [Briggsy] What the fuck's with the voice?
I don't know, I was trying to do AOC,
but it was flat.
[Briggsy]
I don't even think she's on the panel.
[Kevin] You shut the fuck up, Briggsy.
- I'll slap the shit out of you.
- [Briggsy] Is she on that panel?
- [Kevin] I swear to God.
- [Briggsy] You're gonna slap me?
- [Kevin] Yeah, let's go.
- [Briggsy] You ready to go?
- Let's go.
- [Kevin] I've been waiting for this, dog.
[tense, pensive music playing]
[sighs]
Come here.
You're gonna be great.
If it goes bad, it's gonna be real bad.
Well, don't let it go bad.
[Waters] This hearing will be first
in a series of hearings by the committee
to examine the recent market volatility
involving GameStop.
I want to know how each
of the witnesses here today
- contributed to the historic...
- Gabe, can you sit up?
trading events in January.
This recent market volatility
has put a national spotlight
on institutional practices
by Wall Street firms.
And they have demonstrated
the enormous potential power
of social media in our markets.
We will hear firsthand from the witnesses
regarding these events.
The hearing will be an opportunity
for this committee to get the facts
about the role
each of the witnesses represent,
played in the events
we are examining today.
[Vargas] Well, now, Mr. Griffin,
if I could ask you this first question.
Of course.
How many people
are in the room with you?
[Ken] That's your question?
If you can just count how many
people are in the room with you.
There are five people,
including myself, in this room.
- [Vargas] Anyone in your organization...
- Such a prick.
since January 1st, contact Robinhood?
We of course talk to Robinhood routinely
in the ordinary course of business.
We manage a substantial portion
of their order flow.
But did you talk to them about restricting
or doing anything to prevent people
from buying GameStop?
I want to be perfectly clear.
We had no role in Robinhood's decision
- to limit trading in GameStop.
- Fuck you, Ken Griffin.
[Vargas] So, if we depose everyone
in your organization, we would find that?
That is correct.
Looks like a Disney Channel villain.
Mr. Plotkin, do you believe
that there is manipulation, distrust,
and overall inequality
within American finance?
My focus is on my company, Melvin...
[inaudible]
[Kevin] Hello?
You're on mute, dick!
Ah, I'm sorry, you're on mute.
[all laughing]
[woman] He just keeps going.
...my area of expertise.
You're still on mute. I haven't been able
to hear a word you said, unfortunately.
[Ocasio-Cortez] Mr. Tenev,
would you be willing to commit today
- to voluntarily pass on the proceeds...
- Oh. Marry me.
of the payment for order flow
to Robinhood customers?
Congresswoman, I appreciate that question.
When the statement you refer to was made,
it was before Robinhood forced
the entire industry to drop
- commissions and replicate our...
- I should take that as a no.
You're not willing to pass on
the proceeds of payment for order flow
to your customers?
- When the other brokers drop...
- I'm just talking about today.
- Asshole.
- I don't want to be rude.
I just have limited time,
but if removing the revenues that you make
from a payment for order flow
would cause the removal
of free commissions,
doesn't that mean that
trading on Robinhood
isn't actually free to begin with?
[woman] Good question.
[Waters] Thank you very much, Mr. Gill.
You are now recognized for five minutes
to present your oral testimony.
[inhales, then exhales]
Thank you, members of the committee.
I am happy to discuss my purchase
of GameStop shares
and my discussions of their fair value
on social media.
But before I do that,
a few things I am not:
I am not a cat.
- What did he say?
- [Kevin] He just said cat, Ma.
It's like a kitty thing.
Nor am I a hedge fund.
I do not have clients,
and I do not provide personalized
investment advice for fees or commissions.
I grew up in Brockton, Mass.
My family was not wealthy.
My father was a truck driver
and my mom a registered nurse.
- [Kevin] That's you, Ma!
- I was one of three kids
and the first in my family
to earn a four-year college degree
when I graduated from Stonehill College
in 2009.
That was not a good time
to be looking for a job.
From 2010-2017,
there were significant periods
when I was unemployed.
I took an interest in the stock market,
and even though I had very little money,
I used those times to educate myself
and learn more about investing.
Mr. Gill, I find it hard to believe
that you predicted everything
that happened to GameStop
with no inside information.
Uh, I didn't predict it.
I honestly couldn't explain everything
that happened in January.
I've seen your videos. You honestly
couldn't recount to the committee
what caused every single up and down
of the stock in January?
I think you could.
I did follow the stock, uh, very closely,
but threshold lists, order flows,
halting purchases, according to the press,
these all had a material impact
on the stock.
Here's the thing: I have
a bit of experience with this stuff,
and even I barely understand
these matters.
It's alarming how little we all know
about the inner workings of the market.
Which is why I'm glad this committee
is examining what happened,
particularly with the exorbitant
short interest
as well as any potentially
manipulative shorting practices
and brokers' reported failures to
timely deliver shares and settle trades.
[mouths]
A lot of people feel the system is broken.
The whole idea of the stock market is to
be, like, kind of a fair playing field,
where if you're smart, maybe with a little
luck, you could make your fortune.
But, if it ever was that,
it's certainly not any more.
The big firms have such a big advantage,
in terms of technology and information
and just sheer wealth, there's no hope
for the little guy anymore.
Or there was no hope.
Maybe now, there is.
And as for me,
I like the stock.
[cheering]
He's a gangster for that.
I don't plan on selling any time soon.
- [man] Hold it.
- Say that shit.
Diamond fucking hands.
Diamond hands, baby.
Attaboy.
What a nerd.
Thank you.
[sighs]
It was good. I think.
[man on TV] Yesterday's Reddit hearing
in Congress brought together
some of the power players
behind the January trading frenzy.
[woman] Representative Maxine Waters did
say there will be additional hearings...
[man] What you got here involves people
named DFV and Roaring Kitty, ultimately...
[woman] ...two more to follow to find
more answers, one market expert...
[man] Whether it's markets
or social media,
I'll just call it media because it is now.
Do you think any new regulation gets done?
[man 2] What's clear is that
we're in the Wild West
and that there is so much activity
that's going on, on these online forums.
And we've seen in the last month
and the last six weeks how much force
day traders en masse can bring
to the market and actually affect it.
They used to just make some noise
around the edges.
Now they can actually move markets,
move securities.
[pensive music playing]
Cheers, everyone.
Ah.
[sighs]
You're a fucking gangster.
[Brad] Hey, man, I notice you've been
selling a lot of new games,
and I just wanted to remind you, again,
that we really wanna be pushing customers
towards the higher-margin pre-owned games.
Yeah, I'm not gonna do that.
Excuse me?
Oh, and in fact, I'm not gonna do
any of the Circle of Life bullshit.
Or your TikTok dance contest.
You're quitting, then.
Okay.
No, I mean, I thought about it, but...
Like, yo, I love it here.
So I think I'm gonna stay.
Well, you're awfully smug for a kid
who lost all his money buying stock.
What did you say it was going to?
A thousand?
I'm also not gonna work
at the ass crack of dawn any more.
You're fired.
No, I'm not.
You gotta get that approved
by like seven levels of people, yo.
Thanks to the geniuses
who put that together.
The ones who used to own my ass.
You sold?
Half.
Right at the tippy tippy top.
And I'm holding the other half
for the long haul.
♪ 'Cause I'm a savage ♪
♪ Classy, bougie, ratchet ♪
♪ Sassy, moody, nasty ♪
♪ Acting stupid what was happening ♪
["Savage" playing]
♪ Classy, bougie, ratchet ♪
♪ Sassy, moody, nasty ♪
♪ Acting stupid, what's happening? ♪
♪ Bitch, what's happening? ♪
♪ Bitch, I'm a savage, yeah ♪
♪ Classy, bougie, ratchet, yeah ♪
♪ Sassy, moody, nasty ♪
♪ Acting stupid, what's happening? ♪
♪ Bitch, what's happening? ♪
♪ Eat me and record it
But your edge-up all I'm showing ♪
♪ I keep my niggas private
So his AP all I'm showing ♪
♪ Beefing with you bitches
Really getting kinda boring ♪
♪ If it ain't about the money
Then you know I'm gon' ignore it ♪
♪ I'm the shit, ooh ♪
♪ I need a mop to clean the floor
It's too much drip, ooh ♪
♪ I keep a knot, I keep a watch
I keep a whip... ♪
Fuck yeah!
I'm here testifying today
far removed from my background.
I grew up in a middle-class family
in Portland, Maine.
I went to a public high school.
I studied hard
and got into a good college.
Upon graduation, I did not have a job.
♪ Bitch, what's happening? ♪
When the statement you refer to was made,
uh, I believe 2015 or 2016,
it was before Robinhood
forced the entire industry
- to drop commissions and replicate our...
- I should take that as a no.
You're not willing to pass on
the proceeds of payment for order flow
to your customers?
♪ That body right
But you know this pussy fat, ooh ♪
♪ I drop a picture
Now these bitches feel attacked ♪
♪ Don't let that nigga gas you up
And get you whacked, ooh ♪
♪ I make a call
and get a pussy nigga smacked... ♪
But did you talk to them about restricting
or doing anything to prevent people
from buying, not selling
but buying, in GameStop?
Let me be perfectly clear.
Absolutely not.
["Savage" continues playing]
As for me, I like the stock.
♪ Mwah ♪
Hurry up, dick, it's cold.
I can't believe you're my brother.
You look like a fucking Ninja Turtle.
- Ready?
- Yup.
- Set... What?
- Fuck you!
Kevin!
["Seven Nation Army" playing]
C'mon, Kitty!
[thunder rumbles]
♪ I'm gonna fight 'em off ♪
♪ A seven nation army
Couldn't hold me back ♪
♪ They're gonna rip it off ♪
♪ Takin' their time right behind my back ♪
♪ And the message comin' from my eyes
Says, "Leave it alone" ♪
♪ Don't want to hear about it ♪
♪ Every single one's got a story to tell ♪
♪ Everyone knows about it ♪
♪ From the Queen of England
To the Hounds of Hell ♪
♪ And if I catch it comin' back my way
I'm gonna serve it to you ♪
♪ And that ain't what you want to hear
But that's what I'll do ♪
♪ And the feelin' comin' from my bones
Says, "Find a home" ♪
♪ I'm goin' to Wichita ♪
♪ Far from this opera forevermore ♪
♪ I'm gonna work the straw ♪
♪ Make the sweat drip out of every pore ♪
♪ And I'm bleedin' and I'm bleedin'
And I'm bleedin' right before the Lord ♪
♪ All the words are gonna bleed from me
And I will think no more ♪
♪ And the stains comin' from my blood
Tell me, "Go back home" ♪
[song ends]
["You Make Me Wanna Purr" playing]
♪ You make me wanna
You make me wanna ♪
♪ You make me wanna ♪
♪ You make me wanna
You make me wanna ♪
♪ You make me wanna ♪
♪ You make me wanna
You make me wanna ♪
♪ You make me wanna ♪
♪ You make me wanna
You make me wanna ♪
♪ You make me wanna ♪
♪ You make me wanna
You make me wanna ♪
♪ You make me wanna ♪
♪ You make me wanna
You make me wanna ♪
♪ You make me wanna ♪
♪ You make me wanna
You make me wanna ♪
♪ You make me wanna ♪
♪ You make me wanna
You make me wanna ♪
♪ You make me wanna ♪
♪ You make me wanna
You make me wanna ♪
♪ You make me wanna ♪
♪ You make me wanna
You make me wanna ♪
♪ You make me wanna ♪
[song ends]
[dramatic music playing]